***What I got right:***
findMax, reverseArray, countOccurances, binarySearch all look correct in logic. The code compiles, follows the standing requirements, and programmer's pact. My code is full of comments and mid-point calculation seems to be correct as well. 

***What seems different:***
The findMax seems the most different. I used the merge sort style to split and compare large values. Prof. Leo uses tail-recursive methods. Some of the findMax logic matches up exactly. I added an extra step, if there is one element in the array, then it is the largest. Prof. Leo adds a small extra safe-guard step in binarySearch method. I could have used one large array for all the main testing instead of 4 smaller separate arrays. I do have small typos with testing. It should say after reverse instead of before once the array has been reversed. I also mispelled reverse. I was sick all this week which made focusing on minor issues like spelling harder. I struggled a lot to committ extra time to the assignment like double checking my work, or adding additional exercises. The extension helped me get through it a lot. Without it I believe the outcome would have been different because I was able to work on it little by little before the extended deadline to turn in a well written code.

***What I learned:***
I learned more about merge sort style and recursion. I also learned more about splitting arrays and that the split did not need to be equal when divided as long as both divided subarrarys elements were being checked. I also learned more about mid-point from class work exercises. Prof. Leo has taught me how to look for the midpoint with 5 elements and how to identify the index of it within the array. Once I had mastered identfying mid-point it made recursion a lot easier. Especcially when I had to split an array.